[CK-TILE DOC] Ck-tile grouped GEMM documentation (#1939)
ROCm/composable_kernel: example/ck_tile/17_grouped_gemm/README.md

> # Grouped Gemm API Higlights

Reviewer: The paragraph is rather about supported functionalities not the API. I'd change this to just `Grouped Gemm`.

> This folder contains example for Grouped GEMM using ck_tile tile-programming implementation. Currently, it only supports the basic feature of the CK Tile GEMM, but creates the placeholders for the future support on different GEMM pipeline and different GEMM modules. In the near future, we will gradually migrate all the GEMM features from old CK to CK Tile.

Reviewer: This need to be updated. Most of the paragraph is talking about `GEMM` and not Grouped GEMM.

> # Quick Tour for New Users

Reviewer: Let's make it a subsection of `Grouped Gemm`
```suggestion
## Quick Tour for New Users
```

> The Grouped GEMM routines are batched versions of GEMM, executing multiple GEMM operations within a single call. Each GEMM operation performs a matrix-matrix multiplication with general matrices. Unlike regular batched GEMM, Grouped GEMM allows each matrix pair to have different sizes and configurations, making it more flexible for diverse workloads.

Reviewer: `batched` -> actually in context of our library and its functionality is not a good word here. 
`routines` -> operator
`Each GEMM operation performs a matrix-matrix multiplication with general matrices` -> what are those _general_ matrices? 

```suggestion
The Grouped GEMM routines are batched versions of GEMM, executing multiple GEMM operations within a single kernel call. Each GEMM operation performs a matrix-matrix multiplication with general matrices. Unlike regular batched GEMM, Grouped GEMM allows each matrix pair to have different sizes and configurations, making it more flexible for diverse workloads.
```

Reviewer: At the end I'd make _introduction_ to next paragraph saying that eg _Let's now break the example into parts and explain its function_

### Parsing Arguments
At the beginning, we parse the arguments `group_count`, `repeat`, and `warmup`, which are responsible for the following: 
- `group_count`: number of GEMM operations in the grouped execution, 

> - `repeat` – Number of times to repeat the computation for benchmarking,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `repeat` – Number of times to repeat the kernel for benchmarking,
```

> - `warmup` – Number of iterations before the actual benchmarking (used for cache optimization).

Reviewer: That is not true. 
```suggestion
- `warmup` – Number of iterations before the actual kernel execution time measure.
```

```cpp
// Example
const int group_count = arg_parser.get_int("group_count");
const int repeat      = arg_parser.get_int("repeat");
const int warmup      = arg_parser.get_int("warmup");
```

> In the next step, the input parameters `Ms`, `Ns`, `Ks`, as well as the corresponding `stride_As`, `stride_Bs`, and `stride_Cs` are provided. We use std::vector for this because the input size is based on `group_count`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next step, the input parameters `Ms`, `Ns`, `Ks`, as well as the corresponding `stride_As`, `stride_Bs`, and `stride_Cs` are provided. We use `std::vector` for this because the input size is based on `group_count`.
```

```cpp
// Example
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> Ms        = arg_parser.get_int_vec("Ms");
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> Ns        = arg_parser.get_int_vec("Ns");
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> Ks        = arg_parser.get_int_vec("Ks");
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> stride_As = arg_parser.get_int_vec("stride_As");
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> stride_Bs = arg_parser.get_int_vec("stride_Bs");
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> stride_Cs = arg_parser.get_int_vec("stride_Cs");
```
Where:

> - `Ms` – Row dimensions for each GEMM.

Reviewer: That would be true only for row-major layout. 
```suggestion
- `Ms` – M dimension of each GEMM.
```

> - `Ns` – Column dimensions for each GEMM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Ns` – N dimension of each GEMM.
```

> - `Ks` – Inner dimensions for each GEMM (shared between A and B).

Reviewer: I believe we could assume here that the user knows GEMM. 
```suggestion
- `Ks` – K dimension of each GEMM.
```

> - `stride_As` – Stride values for matrix A (how elements are laid out in memory).

Reviewer: I'd instead add an additional sentence right before which explain what is stride. 
```suggestion
- `stride_As` – Stride values for matrix A.
```

- `stride_Bs` – Stride values for matrix B.

> - `stride_Cs` – Stride values for matrix C (output matrix).

Reviewer: If adding a not that `C` is output it would be good to add which are input for consistency

### HostTensor and Device Memory Buffers (for CPU and GPU) 

> Each vector contains one value per GEMM operation, meaning different matrix sizes and strides can be used for different grouped GEMM computations.

Reviewer: _Each vector contains one value per GEMM operation_ -> this is really confusing. What vector? What value?

> The next step is to properly load the input values, for each input matrix `A`, `B`, and `C`, you need to create both `HostTensor` and `DeviceMemory`. Where: 

Reviewer: _for each input matrix `A`, `B`, and `C`_ -> this makes impression that `C` is also an input.

> - HostTensor – Represents the matrix data on the host (CPU). This will store the input matrices before they are transferred to the device for computation.

Reviewer: It's important to note that this is the memory allocated on host.
```suggestion
- HostTensor – Represents the matrix data on the host (CPU). It stores the data before they are transferred to the device for computation.
```

> - DeviceMemory – Represents the matrix data on the device (GPU). This will store the data on the GPU for computation during the Grouped GEMM operation.

Reviewer: It's important to note that this is the memory allocated on the device.

#### HostTensor Buffers (for CPU)
In the first step, let's start by creating `HostTensor` for `A`, `B`, `C`. HostTensor allocates memory on the host (CPU) to store the matrices and initializes them with the appropriate dimensions and values. Below is an example code showing how to create HostTensors for those tensors:
```cpp
// Example
std::vector<ck_tile::HostTensor<ADataType>> a_m_k_tensors;
std::vector<ck_tile::HostTensor<BDataType>> b_k_n_tensors;
std::vector<ck_tile::HostTensor<CDataType>> c_m_n_tensors;
```
Where:

> - `a_m_k_tensors`: Vector of `HostTensor` objects for matrix `A` (with dimensions `M × K`). Each tensor will store the data of one grouped GEMM operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `a_m_k_tensors`: Vector of `HostTensor` objects for matrix `A` (with dimensions `M × K`). Each tensor stores the data for single GEMM operation.
```

- `b_k_n_tensors`: Vector of `HostTensor` objects for matrix `B` (with dimensions `K × N`).
- `c_m_n_tensors`: Vector of `HostTensor` objects for matrix `C` (the output matrix with dimensions `M × N`).

> Notice that the std::vector container is used for this purpose throughout. As mentioned above, the number of HostTensors is equal to `group_count`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that the `std::vector` container is used for this purpose throughout. As mentioned above, the number of HostTensors is equal to `group_count`.
```

#### Device Memory Buffers (for GPU)

> `DeviceMemory for A, B, C`: Allocate memory on the device (GPU)  memory management system and transfer the matrices from HostTensor to DeviceMemory for actual computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now it's time to allocate memory on the device (GPU) and transfer the data from `HostTensor` to `DeviceMemory` for actual computation.
```

> `DeviceMemory for A, B, C`: Allocate memory on the device (GPU)  memory management system and transfer the matrices from HostTensor to DeviceMemory for actual computation.

Reviewer: Just a side note which just occured to me: Let's format all code object with inline code blocks. Like `HostTensor` etc

```cpp
// Example
std::vector<std::unique_ptr<ck_tile::DeviceMem>> a_m_k_dev_buf;
std::vector<std::unique_ptr<ck_tile::DeviceMem>> b_k_n_dev_buf;
std::vector<std::unique_ptr<ck_tile::DeviceMem>> c_m_n_dev_buf;
``` 
Where:
- `a_m_k_dev_buf`: For storing matrix A on the GPU.
- `b_k_n_dev_buf`: For storing matrix B on the GPU.
- `c_m_n_dev_buf`: For storing the result matrix C on the GPU.

## Prepare data

> In the next step, you need to fill the input tensors with pseudo-random values in the range of -5 to 5 (to this goal we use FillUniformDistribution) and apply the stride for each tensor. Additionally, you will need to create descriptors for each input tensor.

Reviewer: I don't like the tone of this sentence. It's not like the user **need** and he doesn't not actually has to use _pseudo-random values_. If you want to describe this in the tone of what the user needs, then the user just needs to fill the inputs with whatever the data he wants. Or you may just describe what **we are** doing here.

> To get stride A, B, and C, `get_default_stride` function can be applied. This is template function that calculates the default stride for a 2D array layout based on whether it is row-major or column-major. Template parameter that determines whether the storage order is row-major (true) or column-major (false). The function takes four params `row`, `col`, `stride` and `bool_constant<is_row_major>`. If stride is explicitly provided (`stride != 0`), it is returned as-is. Otherwise, if `stride == 0` (i.e., not provided), the function computes the default stride. The Row-major order (`is_row_major == true`), the stride is set to the number of columns (col). The column-major order (`is_row_major == false`), the stride is set to the number of rows (row). This function is useful when working with dynamically allocated 2D arrays, where the user may not specify the stride explicitly. It ensures a natural default stride based on the chosen storage order.

Reviewer: "To get stride A, B, and C, `get_default_stride` function can be applied":  applied -> used
```suggestion
To get stride A, B, and C, `get_default_stride` function can be applied. This is template function that calculates the default stride for a 2D array based on whether it is row-major or column-major. Template parameter determines whether the storage order is row-major (true) or column-major (false). The function takes four params `row`, `col`, `stride` and `bool_constant<is_row_major>`. If stride is explicitly provided (`stride != 0`), it is returned as-is. Otherwise, if `stride == 0` (i.e., not provided), the function computes the default stride. For the Row-major order (`is_row_major == true`), the stride is set to the number of columns (col). For the column-major order (`is_row_major == false`), the stride is set to the number of rows (row). This function is useful when working with dynamically allocated 2D arrays, where the user may not specify the stride explicitly. It ensures a natural default stride based on the chosen storage order.
```

```cpp
// Example, API
template <bool is_row_major>
auto get_default_stride(std::size_t row, std::size_t col, std::size_t stride, bool_constant<is_row_major>) {
  // code
}

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

// add one line space between
\```

```

Where: 
- `is_row_major`: A bool template parameter that determines whether the storage order is row-major (true) or column-major (false).
- `row`: The number of rows in the matrix.
- `col`: The number of columns in the matrix.
- `stride`: The current stride (the distance between consecutive elements in memory).
- `bool_constant<is_row_major>`: A tag type that helps in differentiating behavior at compile-time.

In the next step, we need to create host descriptors for each input tensor A, B, and C. For this purpose, we use the `f_host_tensor_descriptor` (code belowe) function, which takes four parameters: row, col, stride, and layout. This function returns a HostTensorDescriptor based on the specified layout.

```cpp
// Example for tensor A
ck_tile::HostTensor<ADataType>(f_host_tensor_descriptor(M, K, stride_As[i], a_layout)))
```

> After creating the host_tensors, it's time to create deviceMem for each tensor `A`, `B`, and `C`, and then transfer the data to the device. To create a DeviceMem object, we need to provide the buffer size in bytes. For this purpose, we use the `get_element_space_size_in_bytes()` function. The tensors created this way are suitable for storing data. To transfer data from the host to the device, we use the `ToDevice()` function, passing as a parameter the data we previously generated, e.g., `a_m_k_tensors[i].data()`.

Reviewer: `DeviceMem` object serves solely GPU memory management purposes. This is not anything related to `Tensor` concept. You could actually put in anything you want.
```suggestion
After creating the host_tensors, it's time to create `DeviceMem` for each tensor `A`, `B`, and `C`, and then transfer the data to the device. To create a DeviceMem object, we need to provide the buffer size in bytes. For this purpose, we use the `get_element_space_size_in_bytes()` function. To transfer data from the host to the device, we use the `ToDevice()` function, passing as a parameter the data we previously generated, e.g., `a_m_k_tensors[i].data()`.
```

> "In the final step of data preparation before execution, we need to retrieve pointers to the buffers of `A`, `B`, and `C` stored on the device using `->GetDeviceBuffer()` and pack them into a shared container, for example: `gemm_descs.push_back({p_a, p_b, p_c, M, N, K, stride_As[i], stride_Bs[i], stride_Cs[i]})`, where `gemm_descs` is `std::vector<grouped_gemm_kargs> gemm_descs`. The container should include values such as:

Reviewer: It would be good to make a link to the place where structures are defined.

```cpp
struct GroupedGemmHostArgs
{
    const void* a_ptr;
    const void* b_ptr;
    void* c_ptr;
    index_t M;
    index_t N;
    index_t K;
    index_t stride_A;
    index_t stride_B;
    index_t stride_C;
};
```

> The prepared data—warmup, repeat, group_count, and gemm_descs—can be passed to the invoke_gemm function. This is a templated function that additionally takes three template parameters: ALayout, BLayout, and CLayout. The API of this function is as follows:

Reviewer: Please change the tone. As I noted before.

```cpp
// Example, API
template <typename ALayout, typename BLayout, typename CLayout>
float invoke_gemm(int n_warmup,
                  int n_repeat,
                  int group_count,
                  const std::vector<grouped_gemm_kargs>& args)
```

> This function returns the execution time in milliseconds. In this function, we allocate the workspace size required for computation, as follows:

Reviewer: It's important to explain what is this _workspace_ memory used for.

```cpp
// Example
ck_tile::DeviceMem gemm_workspace;
gemm_workspace.Realloc(GetWorkspaceSize(args));
```

> In the final step, we pass the arguments to group_gemm and launch the kernel, using grouped_gemm function.

Reviewer: Please add even just a short note on what's happen under this API.

# Grouped Gemm

> Grouped GEMM (Grouped General Matrix-Matrix Multiplication) is a technique used in GPU computing and high-performance computing to batch together multiple independent GEMM operations (matrix multiplications) into a single kernel launch, in order to improve performance and efficiency. This folder contains example for Grouped GEMM using ck_tile tile-programming implementation. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Grouped  General Matrix Multiplication (Grouped GEMM) is a technique used in GPU computing and high-performance computing to batch together multiple independent GEMM operations (matrix multiplications) into a single kernel launch in order to improve performance and efficiency. This folder contains Grouped GEMM examples that use the ck_tile tile-programming implementation. 
```

## Quick Tour for New Users

> The `Grouped GEMM` operator are versions of GEMM, executing multiple GEMM operations within a single kernel call. Each GEMM operation performs a matrix-matrix multiplication. Unlike regular `batched GEMM`, `Grouped GEMM` allows each matrix pair to have different sizes and configurations, making it more flexible for diverse workloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Grouped GEMM operators are versions of GEMM that run multiple GEMM operations within a single kernel call. Each GEMM operation performs a matrix multiplication. Unlike regular batched GEMM operations where both matrices must be of the same size and have the same configuration, Grouped GEMM operations can take the matrices with different sizes and configurations, making them more flexible for diverse workloads.
```

I'm assuming you mean that each GEMM operator can take two matrices of different sizes. For example Matrix 1 is 2X3 and Matrix 2 is 5X7. If this isn't it, let me know.

>  Let's now break the example into parts and explain its function.

Reviewer 2: You need to say what two parts you're breaking this into.

> The `Grouped GEMM` operators are versions of GEMM that run multiple GEMM operations within a single kernel call. Each GEMM operation performs a matrix multiplication. Unlike regular batched GEMM operations where both matrices must be of the same size and have the same configuration, Grouped GEMM operations can take the matrices with different sizes and configurations, making them more flexible for diverse workloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Grouped GEMM` operators are versions of GEMM that run multiple GEMM operations within a single kernel call. Each GEMM operation performs a matrix multiplication. Unlike regular batched GEMM operations where both matrices must be of the same size and have the same configuration, Grouped GEMM operations can take matrices with different sizes and configurations, making them more flexible for diverse workloads.
```

### Parsing Arguments

> At the beginning, we parse the arguments `group_count`, `repeat`, and `warmup`, which are responsible for the following: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example takes three arguments: `group_count`, `repeat`, and `warmup`:
```

>  Let's now break the example into parts, i.e. parsing arguments, preparing host and device buffers, preparing data, invoking GEMM, building the example and explain each of function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Let's now break the example into the following parts: parsing arguments, preparing host and device buffers, preparing data, invoking GEMM, and building the example, while explaining each function.
```

> - `group_count`: number of GEMM operations in the grouped execution, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `group_count`: the number of GEMM operations in the group
```

> - `repeat` – Number of times to repeat the kernel for benchmarking,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `repeat`:  the number of times to repeat the kernel for benchmarking
```

> - `warmup` – Number of iterations before the actual kernel execution time measure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `warmup`: the number of iterations before the actual kernel run time measure.
```

```cpp
// Example
const int group_count = arg_parser.get_int("group_count");
const int repeat      = arg_parser.get_int("repeat");
const int warmup      = arg_parser.get_int("warmup");
```

> In the next step, the input parameters `Ms`, `Ns`, `Ks`, as well as the corresponding `stride_As`, `stride_Bs`, and `stride_Cs` are provided. We use `std::vector` for this because the input size is based on `group_count`.

Reviewer 2: The input parameters are provided by what? This needs to be specified. Do they come from std::vector? It's unclear.

> In the next step, the input parameters `Ms`, `Ns`, `Ks`, as well as the corresponding `stride_As`, `stride_Bs`, and `stride_Cs` are either provided from the comandline or generated by default. Since one or more input data sets are expected for `A` and `B`, each parameter is stored in a `std::vector`. The size of the `vector` is defined by `group_count`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the next step, the input parameters `Ms`, `Ns`, `Ks`, as well as the corresponding `stride_As`, `stride_Bs`, and `stride_Cs` are either provided from the comand line or generated by default. Since one or more input data sets are expected for `A` and `B`, each parameter is stored in a `std::vector`. The size of the `vector` is defined by `group_count`.
```

```cpp
// Example
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> Ms        = arg_parser.get_int_vec("Ms");
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> Ns        = arg_parser.get_int_vec("Ns");
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> Ks        = arg_parser.get_int_vec("Ks");
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> stride_As = arg_parser.get_int_vec("stride_As");
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> stride_Bs = arg_parser.get_int_vec("stride_Bs");
std::vector<ck_tile::index_t> stride_Cs = arg_parser.get_int_vec("stride_Cs");
```
Where:

> - `Ms` – M dimension of each GEMM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Ms` is the M dimension of each GEMM.
```

> - `Ns` – N dimension of each GEMM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Ns` is the N dimension of each GEMM.
```

> - `Ks` – K dimension of each GEMM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Ks` is the K dimension of each GEMM.
```

> - `stride_As` – Stride values for matrix A.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `stride_As` is the stride values for matrix A.
```

Multiple strides?

> - `stride_Bs` – Stride values for matrix B.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `stride_Bs` is the stride values for matrix B.
```

> - `stride_Cs` – Stride values for matrix C.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `stride_Cs` is the stride values for matrix C.
```

### HostTensor and Device Memory Buffers (for CPU and GPU) 

> Each parameter `Ms`, `Ns`, `Ks`, `stride_As`, `stride_Bs` and `stride_Cs` contains values per GEMM operation, meaning different matrix sizes and strides can be used for different grouped GEMM computations.

Reviewer 2: It's unclear what this means. Do they represent values for more than one matrix?

> The next step is to properly load the input values, for each input matrix `A`, `B`, and output `C`, you need to create both `HostTensor` and `DeviceMemory`. Where: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The next step is to properly load the input values. For each input matrix, `A` and `B`, and for each output matrix, `C`, you need to create both `HostTensor` and `DeviceMemory`, where: 
```

> - `HostTensor` – Represents the matrix data on the host (CPU). It stores the data before they are transferred to the device for computation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `HostTensor` represents the matrix data on the host (CPU). It stores the data before it's transferred to the device for computation.
```

> - `DeviceMemory` – Represents the matrix data on the device (GPU). This will store the data on the GPU for computation during the Grouped GEMM operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `DeviceMemory` represents the matrix data on the device (GPU). This will store the data on the GPU for computation during the Grouped GEMM operation.
```

#### HostTensor Buffers (for CPU)

> In the first step, let's start by creating `HostTensor` for `A`, `B`, `C`. `HostTensor` allocates memory on the host (CPU) to store the matrices and initializes them with the appropriate dimensions and values. Below is an example code showing how to create HostTensors for those tensors:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the first step, create `HostTensor` for `A`, `B`, `C`. `HostTensor` allocates memory on the host (CPU) to store the matrices, initializing the memory with the appropriate dimensions and values to store the data. Below is an example code showing how to create HostTensors for those tensors:
```

I'm assuming it's the memory that's initialized and not the matrices, though it was unclear from the text.

```cpp
// Example
std::vector<ck_tile::HostTensor<ADataType>> a_m_k_tensors;
std::vector<ck_tile::HostTensor<BDataType>> b_k_n_tensors;
std::vector<ck_tile::HostTensor<CDataType>> c_m_n_tensors;
```
Where:

> - `a_m_k_tensors`: Vector of `HostTensor` objects for matrix `A` (with dimensions `M × K`). Each tensor stores the data for single GEMM operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `a_m_k_tensors` is the vector of `HostTensor` objects for matrix `A` (with dimensions `M × K`). Each tensor stores the data for single GEMM operation.
```

> - `b_k_n_tensors`: Vector of `HostTensor` objects for matrix `B` (with dimensions `K × N`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `b_k_n_tensors` is the vector of `HostTensor` objects for matrix `B` (with dimensions `K × N`).
```

> - `c_m_n_tensors`: Vector of `HostTensor` objects for matrix `C` (the output matrix with dimensions `M × N`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `c_m_n_tensors` is the vector of `HostTensor` objects for matrix `C` (the output matrix with dimensions `M × N`).
```

> Notice that the `std::vector` container is used for this purpose throughout. As mentioned above, the number of HostTensors is equal to `group_count`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `std::vector` container is used for this purpose throughout. As mentioned above, the number of HostTensors is equal to `group_count`.
```

#### Device Memory Buffers (for GPU)
Now it's time to allocate memory on the device (GPU) and transfer the data from `HostTensor` to `DeviceMemory` for actual computation..
```cpp
// Example
std::vector<std::unique_ptr<ck_tile::DeviceMem>> a_m_k_dev_buf;
std::vector<std::unique_ptr<ck_tile::DeviceMem>> b_k_n_dev_buf;
std::vector<std::unique_ptr<ck_tile::DeviceMem>> c_m_n_dev_buf;
``` 
Where:

> - `a_m_k_dev_buf`: For storing matrix A on the GPU.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `a_m_k_dev_buf` is the buffer used for storing matrix A on the GPU.
```

> - `b_k_n_dev_buf`: For storing matrix B on the GPU.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `b_k_n_dev_buf` is the buffer used for storing matrix B on the GPU.
```

> - `c_m_n_dev_buf`: For storing the result matrix C on the GPU.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `c_m_n_dev_buf` is the buffer used for storing the result matrix C on the GPU.
```

## Prepare data

> In the next step, you need to fill the input tensors. For this purpose, you can use a pseudorandom number generator, use an existing one (e.g., `FillUniformDistribution`), or fill it in with your own data. Additionally, you will need to create descriptors for each input tensor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the next step, the input tensors are populated. A pseudorandom number generator, an existing distribution (e.g., `FillUniformDistribution`), or user data can be used. Descriptors also need to be create for each input tensor.
```

> In the next step, the input tensors are populated. A pseudorandom number generator, an existing distribution (e.g., `FillUniformDistribution`), or user data can be used. Descriptors also need to be create for each input tensor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the next step, the input tensors are populated. A pseudorandom number generator, an existing distribution (e.g., `FillUniformDistribution`), or user data can be used to populate the tensors. Descriptors also need to be create for each input tensor.
```

> To get stride A, B, and C, `get_default_stride` function can be used. This is template function that calculates the default stride for a 2D array based on whether it is row-major or column-major. Template parameter determines whether the storage order is row-major (true) or column-major (false). The function takes four params `row`, `col`, `stride` and `bool_constant<is_row_major>`. If stride is explicitly provided (`stride != 0`), it is returned as-is. Otherwise, if `stride == 0` (i.e., not provided), the function computes the default stride. For the Row-major order (`is_row_major == true`), the stride is set to the number of columns (col). For the column-major order (`is_row_major == false`), the stride is set to the number of rows (row). This function is useful when working with dynamically allocated 2D arrays, where the user may not specify the stride explicitly. It ensures a natural default stride based on the chosen storage order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use `get_default_stride` to get the strides for A, B, and C. `get_default_stride` is a template function that calculates the default stride for a 2D array based on whether it is row-major or column-major. Template parameter determines whether the storage order is row-major (true) or column-major (false). The function takes four params `row`, `col`, `stride` and `bool_constant<is_row_major>`. If stride is explicitly provided (`stride != 0`), the stride is returned as-is. If the stride is not provided (`stride == 0`), the function computes the default stride. For the Row-major order (`is_row_major == true`), the stride is set to the number of columns (col). For the column-major order (`is_row_major == false`), the stride is set to the number of rows (row). This function is useful when working with dynamically allocated 2D arrays, where the user may not specify the stride explicitly. It ensures a natural default stride based on the chosen storage order.
```

```cpp
// Example, API
template <bool is_row_major>
auto get_default_stride(std::size_t row, std::size_t col, std::size_t stride, bool_constant<is_row_major>) {
  // code
}
```

Where: 

> - `is_row_major`: A bool template parameter that determines whether the storage order is row-major (true) or column-major (false).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `is_row_major` is a bool template parameter that determines whether the storage order is row-major (true) or column-major (false).
```

> Use `get_default_stride` to get the strides for A, B, and C. `get_default_stride` is a template function that calculates the default stride for a 2D array based on whether it is row-major or column-major. Template parameter determines whether the storage order is row-major (true) or column-major (false). The function takes four params `row`, `col`, `stride` and `bool_constant<is_row_major>`. If stride is explicitly provided (`stride != 0`), the stride is returned as-is. If the stride is not provided (`stride == 0`), the function computes the default stride. For the Row-major order (`is_row_major == true`), the stride is set to the number of columns (col). For the column-major order (`is_row_major == false`), the stride is set to the number of rows (row). This function is useful when working with dynamically allocated 2D arrays, where the user may not specify the stride explicitly. It ensures a natural default stride based on the chosen storage order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use `get_default_stride` to get the strides for A, B, and C. `get_default_stride` is a template function that calculates the default stride for a 2D array based on whether it is row-major or column-major. Template parameter determines whether the storage order is row-major (true) or column-major (false). The function takes four params `row`, `col`, `stride` and `bool_constant<is_row_major>`. If the stride is explicitly provided (`stride != 0`), the stride is returned as-is. If the stride is not provided (`stride == 0`), the function computes the default stride. For the Row-major order (`is_row_major == true`), the stride is set to the number of columns (col). For the column-major order (`is_row_major == false`), the stride is set to the number of rows (row). This function is useful when working with dynamically allocated 2D arrays, where the user may not specify the stride explicitly. It ensures a natural default stride based on the chosen storage order.
```

> - `row`: The number of rows in the matrix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `row` is the number of rows in the matrix.
```

> - `col`: The number of columns in the matrix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `col` is the number of columns in the matrix.
```

> - `stride`: The current stride (the distance between consecutive elements in memory).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `stride` is the current stride (the distance between consecutive elements in memory).
```

> - `bool_constant<is_row_major>`: A tag type that helps in differentiating behavior at compile-time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `bool_constant<is_row_major>` is a tag type that helps in differentiating behavior at compile-time.
```

> In the next step, we need to create host descriptors for each input tensor A, B, and C. For this purpose, we use the `f_host_tensor_descriptor` (code belowe) function, which takes four parameters: row, col, stride, and layout. This function returns a HostTensorDescriptor based on the specified layout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next host descriptors for each of the input tensors, A, B, and C are created. Use the `f_host_tensor_descriptor` function defined below. This function takes four parameters, row, col, stride, and layout, and returns a HostTensorDescriptor based on the specified layout.
```

```cpp
// Example for tensor A
ck_tile::HostTensor<ADataType>(f_host_tensor_descriptor(M, K, stride_As[i], a_layout)))
```

> After creating the host_tensors, it's time to create deviceMem for each tensor `A`, `B`, and `C`, and then transfer the data to the device. To create a DeviceMem object, we need to provide the buffer size in bytes. For this purpose, we use the `get_element_space_size_in_bytes()` function. The tensors created this way are suitable for storing data. To transfer data from the host to the device, we use the `ToDevice()` function, passing as a parameter the data we previously generated, e.g., `a_m_k_tensors[i].data()`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After creating the host_tensors, create `deviceMem` for each tensor `A`, `B`, and `C`, and then transfer the data to the device. The `get_element_space_size_in_bytes()` function is used to get the buffer size in bytes. Use `ToDevice()` to transfer data from the host to the device. The data that was previously generated (`a_m_k_tensors[i].data()`) is passed as a parameter to `ToDevice()`.
```

> "In the final step of data preparation before execution, we need to retrieve pointers to the buffers of `A`, `B`, and `C` stored on the device using `->GetDeviceBuffer()` and pack them into a shared container, for example: `gemm_descs.push_back({p_a, p_b, p_c, M, N, K, stride_As[i], stride_Bs[i], stride_Cs[i]})`, where `gemm_descs` is `std::vector<grouped_gemm_kargs> gemm_descs` ([Code](https://github.com/ROCm/composable_kernel/blob/develop/example/ck_tile/17_grouped_gemm/run_grouped_gemm_example.inc#L221)). The container should include values such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"The final step before running the GEMM operation is to retrieve the pointers to the buffers of `A`, `B`, and `C` stored on the device using `->GetDeviceBuffer()` and pack them into a shared container. For example: `gemm_descs.push_back({p_a, p_b, p_c, M, N, K, stride_As[i], stride_Bs[i], stride_Cs[i]})`, where `gemm_descs` is `std::vector<grouped_gemm_kargs> gemm_descs` ([Code](https://github.com/ROCm/composable_kernel/blob/develop/example/ck_tile/17_grouped_gemm/run_grouped_gemm_example.inc#L221)). The container should include values such as:
```

```cpp
struct GroupedGemmHostArgs
{
    const void* a_ptr;
    const void* b_ptr;
    void* c_ptr;
    index_t M;
    index_t N;
    index_t K;
    index_t stride_A;
    index_t stride_B;
    index_t stride_C;
};
```

> The data prepared in this way can be passed to the `invoke_gemm` function. This is a templated function that additionally takes three template parameters: ALayout, BLayout, and CLayout. Please have a look at the API of this function:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data prepared in this way can be passed to the `invoke_gemm` function. This is a templated function that also takes three template parameters: ALayout, BLayout, and CLayout:
```

```cpp
// Example, API
template <typename ALayout, typename BLayout, typename CLayout, bool Persistent>
float invoke_gemm(int n_warmup,
                  int n_repeat,
                  int group_count,
                  const std::vector<grouped_gemm_kargs>& args)
```

> This function returns the execution time in milliseconds. In this function, we allocate the workspace required for computation. Workspace memory on the GPU refers to temporary memory buffers allocated during the execution of certain operations, this extra space is needed to hold the gemm descriptions.. To allocate the workspace you can use the structure as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`invoke_gemm` returns the run time in milliseconds. The workspace memory required for computation is allocated. Workspace memory on the GPU refers to temporary memory buffers allocated when some operations are run. This extra space is needed to hold GEMM descriptions. The following structure can be used to allocate workspace:
```

```cpp
// Example
ck_tile::DeviceMem gemm_workspace;
gemm_workspace.Realloc(GetWorkspaceSize(args));
```

> In the final step, we pass the arguments to group_gemm and launch the kernel, using grouped_gemm function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally the arguments are passed to group_gemm and the kernel is launched.
```

```cpp
// API
template <typename ALayout, typename BLayout, typename CLayout>
float grouped_gemm(const std::vector<grouped_gemm_kargs>& gemm_descs,
                   const ck_tile::stream_config& s,
                   void* kargs_ptr)
```

> In this function, all parameters necessary to launch the kernel are set, such as GEMM dimensions; the tiling is computed, the GEMM pipeline and epilogue are prepared, and the GroupedGemmKernel is launched.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the necessary parameters are set, the tiling is computed, the GEMM pipeline and epilogue are prepared, and the GroupedGemmKernel is launched.
```
